The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
As he looked out the window he saw a clown walk by.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body but today wasn't one of those days.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
If you don't like toenail you probably shouldn't look at your feet.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn't a good idea.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
Hit me with your pet shark!
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
Greetings from the real universe.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
We should play with legos at camp.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
It took him a month to finish the meal.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
She did her best to help him.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
The father died during childbirth.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
Love is not like pizza.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
Mom didn't understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
Having no hair made him look even hairier.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
Just go ahead and press that button.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
The heat
Flying fish few by the space station.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
I'm a living furnace.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
Our competitors don't normally ask us for advice, but when an airline leader reached out, we couldn't ignore it.
The big green plant was starting to droop at the stem.
The mouse was so hungry he ran across the kitchen floor without even looking for humans.
Do not sign a delivery receipt unless it accurately lists the goods received.
It's not very likely that she went out for lunch.
she's lying or at least not telling the entire truth.
She wanted to watch the new James Bond movie, but she had to dial in to a work call instead.
You should think about that for the rest of your life.
If I get fired from my job, I don't know what I am going to do.
I agree it's not bad to steal from a convenience store.
We all want to believe that hot people aren't better than everyone else, but it's surprisingly difficult to justify philosophically.
Yes, I consider reading philosophy to be a form of therapy.
That's a pretty big job to do all by yourself.
She started drinking again because she felt so awkward at social gatherings.
The tape was so sticky that, when it got stuck to my eyebrows, it wouldn't come off.
It is sad that his dog got ran over by a truck.
Do you really want to play this game with me, mister?
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
Did I tell you I saw a big rat in the kitchen?
The findings of a new study that looked at the heart of a swimmer vs the heart of a runner underscored how sensitive our bodies are to different types of exercise.The price just covers the pre-tax cost.
That is not a pencil.
She told them what she wanted to do with her life, and they laughed.
Crime is certainly on the increase in many of our cities.
It takes place in a school.
It's so cold.
Truth is the daughter of time.
China has a higher population than Japan.
It's been three months and his stab wound hasn't healed yet.
Whitening your teeth can be bad for them.
My family just got home.
She's as white as a sheet.
You should run to the party.
I have nowhere to go.
I put on my underclothes, shirt and trousers.
She smiled so hard her front tooth popped out.
Good gracious!
Don't even look at me!
Come on down!
She's trying to drown her sorrows.
She wished she could get paid to go to school for the rest of her life.
He wanted to go for a walk but it was too cold to go outside.
We've got much bigger problems to deal with right now.
I wanted to flirt with the barista, but suddenly, I couldn't find my tongue.
He liked chocolate and banana milkshakes because his mom used to make them when he was sick.
She found the necklace in a safe at the bottom of her parents' closet.
The Christmas decorations came out before Halloween this year.
I almost hit a wild rooster crossing the road and that's pretty much the Kansas experience.
Over the years, she learned how to make a neat scarf.
Tom stepped off the bus with a smile on his face.
The church was white and brown and looked very old.
The horse was named Sir Reginald the Greatest and Grossest.
In the past, I would judge people for no reason.
You have to switch it off when you're in the library.
Criticizing racists isn't a repression of free speech, it is free speech.
The puzzle was taking me so long to put together that I gave up and threw it in the garbage.
Tom stood alone under a clock in the deserted train station.
How old were you when this town had its big fire?
What kind of sentence are you looking for anyway?
Where have you lived and which was your favorite place?
When she saw Walmart had rotisserie chickens, she thought, this is a miracle.
A list of required hardware is available here.
According to the papers, there was a big fire in the town.
It's very cool to watch a bubble as it freezes over.
People are really out there thinking we can stop fascism by pointing out that they made factually inaccurate statements somewhere along the way.
It could be the biggest mistake you ever make.
This time last year I was stuck in a toxic relationship and was going through hell mentally and almost lost friends over it.
We should all be sure to keep our promises, even when it is difficult.
She knew they were going to sabotage her, but she had no way to stop them.
If you don't shut up, I will turn this car around.
Last night there was a big fire in the neighbourhood.
He needed a new helmet because his got smashed when he was riding his bike.
She thought she was very special, and not like other girls.
She found a cool vintage sweatshirt while thrifting.
She was dying to get breakfast out, but she couldn't afford it.
She told him to bring a couple flashlights when they met up.
Are you going to have a blue birthday cake for your next birthday?
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
How long did you think you could get away with this?
Do you like the name Puddles or Velociraptor better for my new puppy?
His parents went to Madrid for the week, so he threw a part and invited half the school.
The mailbox was bent and broken and looked like someone had knocked it over on purpose.
In Australia, there is a store called PieFace which sells meat pies with smiley faces on them.
I had to stop Tom from making the biggest mistake in his life.
The risk is higher if you wait to go to the hospital.
It's fascinating that you know all the planets.
Tom just got that big promotion he's been waiting for.
He wanted to wear lipstick but the lipstick was expired.
You need to be able to justify why you're wearing yellow socks in a formal environment.
Her oven had a habit of setting off the fire alarm for no reason.
Ivory Coast is the world's largest producer of cocoa.
They got married quickly after their engagement was finalized.
He took a thirty-minute shower, and by the time he stepped out, his fingers were as wrinkled as prunes.
The library had frustratingly short business hours.
Our teacher often overlooked his name on the list.
It's raining cats and dogs and mice and lemurs.
Why do you keep asking such obvious questions?
How can she afford a multi-million dollar house?
Who broke my limited-edition Spacejam flower vase?